README.md, before:

# js-ninja

JavaScript Trivia - Single Page Application using Knockout.js

JS Ninja is a single page application using knockout.js. The functionality of the JS Ninja will have ten randomized JavaScript-related questions to test the user's JavaScript related abilities. The web application is in a stepper format for quality user experience. A timer will start once the user begins the trivia. Each page will contain a question, and there are multiple choices to find the correct answer. The interface will include additional features like navigation back to the previous questions, skipping questions, and reset trivia to start again from the beginning. Each Correct answer will weigh one point and will show score in a percentage format at the end of the trivia. There is a rank in the pointing system eight to ten points for an expert ninja, six to eight points for novice ninja, and less than six points for beginner ninja. The application will have a view answers function to let users see their correct and incorrect answers.

**GH Branch:**

> master: PROD
>
> develop: STAGE

# Contributors

> Marie Nicole Barleta - mnbarleta@my365.bellevue.edu
>
> Anil Rayamajhi - arayamajhi@my365.bellevue.edu

Commit message:

added GH Pull Request instructions to README

README.md, after:

# js-ninja

JavaScript Trivia - Single Page Application using Knockout.js

JS Ninja is a single page application using knockout.js. The functionality of the JS Ninja will have ten randomized JavaScript-related questions to test the user's JavaScript related abilities. The web application is in a stepper format for quality user experience. A timer will start once the user begins the trivia. Each page will contain a question, and there are multiple choices to find the correct answer. The interface will include additional features like navigation back to the previous questions, skipping questions, and reset trivia to start again from the beginning. Each Correct answer will weigh one point and will show score in a percentage format at the end of the trivia. There is a rank in the pointing system eight to ten points for an expert ninja, six to eight points for novice ninja, and less than six points for beginner ninja. The application will have a view answers function to let users see their correct and incorrect answers.

---

<br />

**GH Branch:**

> master: PROD
>
> develop: STAGE

**GH Pull Request:**

> Fork this repo
>
> Clone your forked repo
>
> add this repo to upstream
>
> Run `git pull upstream develop` to update your local develop with upstream develop
>
> Push your changes to your repo and make pull request
>
> Make sure you are making pull request to `develop` branch

---

<br />

## Contributors

> Marie Nicole Barleta - mnbarleta@my365.bellevue.edu
>
> Anil Rayamajhi - arayamajhi@my365.bellevue.edu
